content/en/course/data-science/_index.md, before:

---
title: 📊 Learn Data Science
linkTitle: Data Science
summary: An example of using Wowchemy's Book layout for publishing online courses.
date: '2021-01-24'
type: book
tags:
  - current
---

{{< figure src="featured.jpg" >}}

{{< toc hide_on="xl" >}}

## What you will learn

- Fundamental {{<hl>}}Python programming skills{{</hl>}}
- {{<hl>}}Statistical concepts{{</hl>}} and how to apply them in practice
- Gain experience with the {{<hl>}}Scikit{{</hl>}}, including data visualization with {{<hl>}}Plotly{{</hl>}} and data wrangling with {{<hl>}}Pandas{{</hl>}}

## Program overview

The demand for skilled data science practitioners is rapidly growing. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Duis posuere tellus ac convallis placerat. Proin tincidunt magna sed ex sollicitudin condimentum. Sed ac faucibus dolor, scelerisque sollicitudin nisi.

## Courses in this program

{{< list_children >}}

## Meet your instructor

{{< mention "admin" >}}

## FAQs

{{< spoiler text="Are there prerequisites?" >}}
There are no prerequisites for the first course.
{{< /spoiler >}}

{{< spoiler text="How often do the courses run?" >}}
Continuously, at your own pace.
{{< /spoiler >}}

{{< cta cta_text="Begin the course" cta_link="python" >}}

Commit message:

updating index file for github training

content/en/course/data-science/_index.md, after:

---
title: 📊 Learn Github
linkTitle: Github
summary: Our first set of training courses for the phytolith community happened in three sessions in Spring 2022. Here are all of the material for these three sessions, so that you can work through them at your own pace. 
date: '2021-01-24'
type: book
tags:
  - current
---

{{< figure src="featured.jpg" >}}

{{< toc hide_on="xl" >}}

## What you will learn

- Basic {{<hl>}}Github{{</hl>}}
- {{<hl>}}Collaboration{{</hl>}} with Github
- {{<hl>}}Further uses{{</hl>}} of Github 

## Program overview
Github is a tool that is used for research project management and history tracking of your work during projects. It can be used to store and collaborate during projects with data, code and documentation. It is also useful for making free websites. 

The first basic course will cover the basic web interface of Github and how to make repositories, add files and folders. It will also include some examples of uses of Github.  

The second course covers collaborative workflows using Github including forking, branches and pull requests.

The third course covers how to enable and edit Github pages (websites), how to link Github to long-term archiving repositories (Zenodo and Open Science Framework) and briefly goes over project management boards.

* Here is an example of a Github repository used for a phytolith project: https://github.com/open-phytoliths/FAIR-phytoliths
* And a website produced using Github: https://open-phytoliths.github.io/FAIR-phytoliths/


## Courses in this program

{{< list_children >}}

## Meet your instructor

{{< mention "admin" >}}

## FAQs

{{< spoiler text="Are there prerequisites?" >}}
There are no prerequisites for the first course.
{{< /spoiler >}}

{{< spoiler text="How often do the courses run?" >}}
Continuously, at your own pace.
{{< /spoiler >}}

{{< cta cta_text="Begin the course" cta_link="python" >}}
